commander I have a new job for you we
have a new guy and his name is Mike you
must teach him everything he needs to
know and if you mess up like last time I
will kill you yes sir
it will be done okay um so uh Mike what
are your skills uh well I'm good at
playing basketball and riding my bike if
that's a skill no no I mean like what
are you good at like computing
technicians or shooting Rangers or
something I'm good at throwing rocks if
that counts
wait okay fine we're gonna go to the
shooting range first and see if you're
good at that okay
ten minutes later okay so um what you
basically do here in shooting range
is um you gotta shoot the bad guy but
not good job so yeah that's all you got
to do actually it's pretty easy basic
stuff but whatever you do these are real
people so do not shoot grand moff tarkin
because user boss and we're so gonna get
killed by Vader what does that happen so
just shoot the Chewbacca but Chewbacca
isn't real
so yeah just don't shoot Grand Moff
Tarkin okay you may begin okay I can do
this I can do this
Oh oops
okay oh it's not what you think of I
don't want to shoot him on purpose yeah
oh my god oh my god oh my god we just
don't really gonna do to us oh my God
we're gonna die oh my god oh my god oh
my god what are we supposed to do what I
got I don't wanna die oh my god oh my
god what are we gonna do oh oh oh what
am I gonna do oh well